Translation corrections (#221)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/kage_001.txt

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#fda762>千紗登</color>", NULL, "<color=#fda762>Chisato</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 37, "ps3/s08/37/320300042", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「決まってるでしょ、健全な男女交際のことよ！",

> 			NULL, "\"It's obvious, isn't it? It's healthy act for any relationship!", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"It's obvious, isn't it? It's a healthy act for any relationship!", Line_WaitForInput);
```

			NULL, "\"...Don't look to me for agreement.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 38, "ps3/s08/38/320400032", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "告白されたばかりの女の子にそんな質問するなんて、あんたの発想の起源は美少女ゲームか？」",

> 			NULL, " Where'd you get the idea to ask a girl who just received a confession something like that, a dating sim?\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: The sentence doesn't make sense to me (the ", a dating sim?" part  just seems appended to the sentence)

Reviewer: Actually I get it, never mind :S

//r守先輩が持ってきたケーキを見て、珠子がため息交じりの歓声を上げる。…それはケーキ屋でも最上段にありそうな、カラフルな彩のストロベリーケーキだった。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "守先輩が持ってきたケーキを見て、珠子がため息交じりの歓声を上げる。…それはケーキ屋でも最上段にありそうな、カラフルな彩のストロベリーケーキだった。",

> 			NULL, "Looking at the cake Mamoru brought over, Tamako let out a happy sigh. ...It was a brightly colored strawberry cake, the kind you'd see on display in the front shelf at a bakery.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Looking at the cake Mamoru brought over, Tamako let out a joyful sigh. ...It was a brightly colored strawberry cake, the kind you'd see on display in the front shelf at a bakery.", Line_Normal);
```

//r珠子は何かを感づいたように、夏美はとにかく恐縮しきった顔で、守先輩に頭を下げる。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "珠子は何かを感づいたように、夏美はとにかく恐縮しきった顔で、守先輩に頭を下げる。",

> 			NULL, "Tamako seemed to have realized what was up, while Natsumi bowed gratefully Mamoru.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Tamako seemed to have realized what was up, while Natsumi gratefully bowed to Mamoru.", Line_Normal);
```

	ClearMessage();

//rそして、カウンターに戻っていったその背中を見送ってから、私たちはフォークを持ってケーキを掬い取り、——ぱくり、と食べた。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "そして、カウンターに戻っていったその背中を見送ってから、私たちはフォークを持ってケーキを掬い取り、——ぱくり、と食べた。",

> 			NULL, "Then, after we watched him go back behind the counter, the three of us grabbed our forks, opened our mouth wide... and scooped up some cake.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Then, after we watched him go back behind the counter, the three of us grabbed our forks, opened our mouths wide... and scooped up some cake.", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, "\"Ahahaha, that's right~.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 36, "ps3/s08/36/320100030", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "エンジェルモートは前の町にもあったけど、こんなに美味しいケーキはなかったかなぁ」",

> 			NULL, " Angel Mort has a shop in my old town. but I don't think they ever had cakes this delicious.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " Angel Mort has a shop in my old town, but I don't think they ever had cakes this delicious.\"", Line_Normal);
```

//rふとつま先に軽い衝撃を感じて、顔を上げる。…見ると正面に座る珠子が、私をとがめるように険しい視線を向けていた。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "ふとつま先に軽い衝撃を感じて、顔を上げる。…見ると正面に座る珠子が、私をとがめるように険しい視線を向けていた。",

> 			NULL, "Suddenly, I felt something poking my toes and looked up. ...When I did, I saw Tamako throwing a glare of condemnation in my direction from across the table.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: There's some grammar missing...I filled it in myself, but it doesn't flow well. Currently it sounds like the thing which is poking your toes is looking up.

```suggestion
			NULL, "Suddenly, I felt something poking my toes, so I looked up. ...When I did, I saw Tamako throwing a glare of condemnation in my direction from across the table.", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#6f6599>珠子</color>", NULL, "<color=#6f6599>Tamako</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 38, "ps3/s08/38/320400042", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "『千紗登のマイペースはいいところもあるけどさ、",
			NULL, "\"Chisato, the way you keep things marching to your own tune is charming and all,", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 38, "ps3/s08/38/320400043", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "…そのせいで相手の気持ちに鈍感なのは全然よくない』",

> 			NULL, " ...but as a result, it's also left you unwittingly inconsiderate of the way others feel. That's not admirable at all.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			NULL, " ...but as a result, it's also left you unwittingly inconsiderate of the feelings of others. That's not admirable at all.\"", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#6f6599>珠子</color>", NULL, "<color=#6f6599>Tamako</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 38, "ps3/s08/38/320400044", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "『あんたは意識してないかもしれないけど、自分以外のものを比較対象にして自分の幸せをアピールするやり方、",
			NULL, "\"You may not realize it, but the way you compare things other than yourself and constantly talk about what makes you happy...", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 38, "ps3/s08/38/320400045", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "…聞く相手によっては、笑えない時もあるよ』",

> 			NULL, " may not be so amusing to some people at times.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			NULL, " sometimes, the people you're dealing with may not find it so amusing.\"", Line_Normal);
```
